Israel's defense minister has pushed
back against international calls for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza saying the
operation against Hamas will quote take
time Israeli officials say that they
will start inspecting Aid shipments
headed to Gaza at the cim Shalom
Crossing from Tuesday in a bid to allow
more humanitarian supplies to enter the
territory Palestinians have been
marching in solidarity with the people
in Gaza as conditions there worsen by
the
day
they March in solidarity with
Palestinians in
Gaza in the West Bank people say it is
the least they can
do that sentiment Echoes here too in
Jerusalem Palestinians have closed shop
and gone on strike to show their support
similar rallies and closures seen again
in
Lebanon this is a day in solidarity with
the Palestinian people because there's
nothing we can do but seriously stand in
solidarity with them be it financially
psychologically or
socially the solidarity they speak of is
against Israeli air strikes pounding
Gaza day after day so far the Hamas ran
Health Ministry speaks of more than
18,000 people
killed I was watching the news and all
of a sudden I feel every thing cave in
on top of
me the children were
sitting I couldn't see a
[Music]
thing many among the dead and wounded
are
children there are a large number of
children who have arrived with
amputations to their upper and lower
limbs the number of Martyrs are in the T
they have been sent to the Marty's tent
there are still a number of them beneath
the rubble at Alm magazi camp and other
areas in the central
[Music]
Province Israel says it is targeting
Hamas infrastructure to ensure that a
terror attack like the one on October 7
can never happen
again prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
claims many Hamas Fighters had
surrendered to the Israeli Army seen in
this video he says that it is for H
the beginning of the
end Aid groups have described the
situation in Gaza as apocalyptic
prompting international calls for a
ceasefire DW DW special correspondent
AIA Ibrahim is in Jerusalem and told us
how that is being received in
Israel cannot be emphasized enough
according to all humanitarian
organizations the situation in Gaza is
catastrophic as you said apocalyptic
we're looking at an estimated 90% of the
population of the Gaza Strip that has
been displaced 90% of the population
some have been displaced more than once
when civilians were first asked to
evacuate from the north to the South and
now there are also Parts in the South
that have that they have been asked to
evacuate uh from and so there's also the
logistical challenge of how to get a to
people that needed within the Gaza Strip
when there's near constant bombardment
and an ongoing ground offensive and
humanitarian organizations have been
very local in their uh demand for a
ceasefire in order to save what at this
point can be saved uh for the civilians
uh in the Gaza Strip the Israeli isra
Israel is very defensive about these um
these accusations we heard today the
spokesperson for the prime minister's
office uh say that it's humanitarian
organizations that need to fulfill their
uh uh their their mandate so to speak to
get um the aid to the people that need
it he said that the you un is not being
firm enough with uh you know uh Hamas
militants using safe zones as safe zones
as launching pads for uh uh rockets and
he said that there's a bottleneck at the
rafah border which is no surprise
because prior to the war The rafah
Crossing was really not made for the
volume uh that is needed to go through
and that's currently the only Crossing
open the crossings from Israel to Gaza
are closed the Israeli Israeli officials
have said that one of these Crossings
between Israel and Gaza the km Shalom
Crossing which was prior to the war
where uh 60% of all Goods coming in and
out of Gaza went through Kim Shalom that
it may be open in the near future for
inspection not for the passage of goods
but for inspection and that might help
with the bottleneck but they've been
defensive about these accusations uh
that they are responsible for the
humanitarian catastrophe in the
strip